This is the start of the story 
This was going to be an awesome evening, in fact it was going to be the best one EVER. The plan was for Beanie, Korbear, and Daddy to go mini golfing at Blenkinsop putts, then buy sushi from Fugiya and then fly home to sleep in the tent in the backyard with the Jackalops to snuggle with and Peacocks to sing us to sleep. So Beanie, Korbear and Daddy opened their wings and obviously Korbear was the first to dibs DJ. So we listened to "Don't call me a noob", "Spider man sings a song", "Better when I'm dancing" and "Back in Black". It took a little longer then we thought because one of the air giant oons was practicing their magic and accidentally let a tornado loose. The ADSC [Air Department Of Sky Control] took care of the problem but cut off the air lane, so we had to take a de-tour through the fire mountains. Thankfully Blenkinsop Putts is in the Pink Forest, which also means that at this time of year it is spring there so it would be nice and cool.

Daddy told Beanie and Korbear that they could go wait over by the starting area while he paid and got the clubs and balls. So Beanie and Korbear went over to the start but then, right as they went around the corner, they felt a seering pain and everything went black. Back at the administration counter Daddy was talking to a pretty elf who was working at Blenkinsop putts. Then a Pixie flew over to the administration counter and asked for a club and ball. As the pixie turned around to go to the starting area she accidentely bumped into Daddy. Daddy helped her back up and asked if she was okay. The Pixie said "I am okay but thanks for asking. I am not used to having to watch out for big things because I live in the Mother Oak Pixie village." Then the Pixie flew off and right as she rounded the corner Daddy and the pretty elf heard a terrible scream. The scream had come from the Pixie but when Daddy went to see what had happened he felt a burning pain and fell to the ground as everything went black.

When daddy opened up his eyes, he saw Beanie, Korbear, and the pixie all rubbing their necks, with the pretty elf going back and forth between them, wafting smelling salts under their noses. "I'm SO sorry!" she said. "You didn't tell me this was your first time playing mini-golf at Blenkinsop Putts in the Pink forest!! We have a special training technique here called the electric incentive. For every stroke you make over par, you get an electric shock of increasing intensity. It's to help you improve, so that you don't get shocked. And you always get your first shock, at maximum intensity, when you first enter the course, to motivate you to do your best from the very start. Normally for newbies, we set the initial shock to medium intensity because you're not used to it yet, but you all looked so confident that I assumed you were experts and I left it on default."
